In the last video you saw me use
a summarize tool to get the count
of the number of null
records within our data set.
I'm going to show you another approach
though which is going to be using
the field summary tool
to get a percentage
of the amount of null
records within out data set.
So I already have my input data tool,
my churn data connected.
Now what I'm going to do is go
to my field summary tool and
ask to get a full analysis of
all of my different fields.
Then I'm going to bring out a browse
tool after this interactive browse,
we kick off this work flow and
then we're going to open up
the browse tool after this.
With this interactive browse, we're
able to see a few different things but
what I want to focus on in this
video is this green ticker bar.
What this represents is
the number of available records,
meaning how many records are valid
within this individual field.
As you can see, the phone number for
example, is 100% available.
If we go down to the number
of voice messages,
we can see that 74% is missing.
Meaning we have 74% of null or
empty records.
We also have 2% over here for
total day calls and
we have 2% down here for
the total night calls as well.
So now what we got have to do is use
some of the techniques that we've
learned over on Maurine's course
to decide how we want to deal with
these three individual fields and
their missing records.